docs/developer-guide/introduction.md, before:

# Developer Guide

You can extend Prowler Open Source in many different ways, in most cases you will want to create your own checks and compliance security frameworks, here is where you can learn about how to get started with it. We also include how to create custom outputs, integrations and more.

## Get the code and install all dependencies

First of all, you need a version of Python 3.9 or higher and also `pip` installed to be able to install all dependencies required.

Then, to start working with the Prowler Github repository you need to fork it to be able to propose changes for new features, bug fixing, etc. To fork the Prowler repo please refer to [this guide](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/working-with-forks/fork-a-repo?tool=webui#forking-a-repository).

Once that is satisfied go ahead and clone your forked repo:

```
git clone https://github.com/<your-github-user>/prowler
cd prowler
```
For isolation and to avoid conflicts with other environments, we recommend using `poetry`, a Python dependency management tool. You can install it by following the instructions [here](https://python-poetry.org/docs/#installation).

Then install all dependencies including the ones for developers:
```
poetry install --with dev
poetry shell
```

## Contributing with your code or fixes to Prowler

This repo has git pre-commit hooks managed via the [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/) tool. [Install](https://pre-commit.com/#install) it how ever you like, then in the root of this repo run:
```shell
pre-commit install
```
You should get an output like the following:
```shell
pre-commit installed at .git/hooks/pre-commit
```

Before we merge any of your pull requests we pass checks to the code, we use the following tools and automation to make sure the code is secure and dependencies up-to-dated:
???+ note
    These should have been already installed if you ran `poetry install --with dev`

- [`bandit`](https://pypi.org/project/bandit/) for code security review.
- [`safety`](https://pypi.org/project/safety/) and [`dependabot`](https://github.com/features/security) for dependencies.
- [`hadolint`](https://github.com/hadolint/hadolint) and [`dockle`](https://github.com/goodwithtech/dockle) for our containers security.
- [`Snyk`](https://docs.snyk.io/integrations/snyk-container-integrations/container-security-with-docker-hub-integration) in Docker Hub.
- [`clair`](https://github.com/quay/clair) in Amazon ECR.
- [`vulture`](https://pypi.org/project/vulture/), [`flake8`](https://pypi.org/project/flake8/), [`black`](https://pypi.org/project/black/) and [`pylint`](https://pypi.org/project/pylint/) for formatting and best practices.

You can see all dependencies in file `pyproject.toml`.

Moreover, you would need to install [`TruffleHog`](https://github.com/trufflesecurity/trufflehog) on the latest version to check for secrets in the code. You can install it using the official installation guide [here](https://github.com/trufflesecurity/trufflehog?tab=readme-ov-file#floppy_disk-installation).

Additionally, please ensure to follow the code documentation practices outlined in this guide: [Google Python Style Guide - Comments and Docstrings](https://github.com/google/styleguide/blob/gh-pages/pyguide.md#38-comments-and-docstrings).

???+ note
    If you have any trouble when committing to the Prowler repository, add the `--no-verify` flag to the `git commit` command.

## Pull Request Checklist

If you create or review a PR in https://github.com/prowler-cloud/prowler please follow this checklist:

- [ ] Make sure you've read the Prowler Developer Guide at https://docs.prowler.cloud/en/latest/developer-guide/introduction/
- [ ] Are we following the style guide, hence installed all the linters and formatters? Please check https://docs.prowler.cloud/en/latest/developer-guide/introduction/#contributing-with-your-code-or-fixes-to-prowler
- [ ] Are we increasing/decreasing the test coverage? Please, review if we need to include/modify tests for the new code.
- [ ] Are we modifying outputs? Please review it carefully.
- [ ] Do we need to modify the Prowler documentation to reflect the changes introduced?
- [ ] Are we introducing possible breaking changes? Are we modifying a core feature?


## Want some swag as appreciation for your contribution?

If you are like us and you love swag, we are happy to thank you for your contribution with some laptop stickers or whatever other swag we may have at that time. Please, tell us more details and your pull request link in our [Slack workspace here](https://goto.prowler.com/slack). You can also reach out to Toni de la Fuente on Twitter [here](https://twitter.com/ToniBlyx), his DMs are open.

Commit message:

docs: update all deprecated poetry shell references

docs/developer-guide/introduction.md, after:

# Developer Guide

You can extend Prowler Open Source in many different ways, in most cases you will want to create your own checks and compliance security frameworks, here is where you can learn about how to get started with it. We also include how to create custom outputs, integrations and more.

## Get the code and install all dependencies

First of all, you need a version of Python 3.9 or higher and also `pip` installed to be able to install all dependencies required.

Then, to start working with the Prowler Github repository you need to fork it to be able to propose changes for new features, bug fixing, etc. To fork the Prowler repo please refer to [this guide](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/working-with-forks/fork-a-repo?tool=webui#forking-a-repository).

Once that is satisfied go ahead and clone your forked repo:

```
git clone https://github.com/<your-github-user>/prowler
cd prowler
```
For isolation and to avoid conflicts with other environments, we recommend using `poetry`, a Python dependency management tool. You can install it by following the instructions [here](https://python-poetry.org/docs/#installation).

Then install all dependencies including the ones for developers:
```
poetry install --with dev
eval $(poetry env activate) \
```
> [!IMPORTANT]
> Starting from Poetry v2.0.0, `poetry shell` has been deprecated in favor of `poetry env activate`.
>
> If you poetry version is below 2.0.0 you must keep using `poetry shell` to activate your environment.
> In case you have any doubts, consult the Poetry environment activation guide: https://python-poetry.org/docs/managing-environments/#activating-the-environment

## Contributing with your code or fixes to Prowler

This repo has git pre-commit hooks managed via the [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/) tool. [Install](https://pre-commit.com/#install) it how ever you like, then in the root of this repo run:
```shell
pre-commit install
```
You should get an output like the following:
```shell
pre-commit installed at .git/hooks/pre-commit
```

Before we merge any of your pull requests we pass checks to the code, we use the following tools and automation to make sure the code is secure and dependencies up-to-dated:
???+ note
    These should have been already installed if you ran `poetry install --with dev`

- [`bandit`](https://pypi.org/project/bandit/) for code security review.
- [`safety`](https://pypi.org/project/safety/) and [`dependabot`](https://github.com/features/security) for dependencies.
- [`hadolint`](https://github.com/hadolint/hadolint) and [`dockle`](https://github.com/goodwithtech/dockle) for our containers security.
- [`Snyk`](https://docs.snyk.io/integrations/snyk-container-integrations/container-security-with-docker-hub-integration) in Docker Hub.
- [`clair`](https://github.com/quay/clair) in Amazon ECR.
- [`vulture`](https://pypi.org/project/vulture/), [`flake8`](https://pypi.org/project/flake8/), [`black`](https://pypi.org/project/black/) and [`pylint`](https://pypi.org/project/pylint/) for formatting and best practices.

You can see all dependencies in file `pyproject.toml`.

Moreover, you would need to install [`TruffleHog`](https://github.com/trufflesecurity/trufflehog) on the latest version to check for secrets in the code. You can install it using the official installation guide [here](https://github.com/trufflesecurity/trufflehog?tab=readme-ov-file#floppy_disk-installation).

Additionally, please ensure to follow the code documentation practices outlined in this guide: [Google Python Style Guide - Comments and Docstrings](https://github.com/google/styleguide/blob/gh-pages/pyguide.md#38-comments-and-docstrings).

???+ note
    If you have any trouble when committing to the Prowler repository, add the `--no-verify` flag to the `git commit` command.

## Pull Request Checklist

If you create or review a PR in https://github.com/prowler-cloud/prowler please follow this checklist:

- [ ] Make sure you've read the Prowler Developer Guide at https://docs.prowler.cloud/en/latest/developer-guide/introduction/
- [ ] Are we following the style guide, hence installed all the linters and formatters? Please check https://docs.prowler.cloud/en/latest/developer-guide/introduction/#contributing-with-your-code-or-fixes-to-prowler
- [ ] Are we increasing/decreasing the test coverage? Please, review if we need to include/modify tests for the new code.
- [ ] Are we modifying outputs? Please review it carefully.
- [ ] Do we need to modify the Prowler documentation to reflect the changes introduced?
- [ ] Are we introducing possible breaking changes? Are we modifying a core feature?


## Want some swag as appreciation for your contribution?

If you are like us and you love swag, we are happy to thank you for your contribution with some laptop stickers or whatever other swag we may have at that time. Please, tell us more details and your pull request link in our [Slack workspace here](https://goto.prowler.com/slack). You can also reach out to Toni de la Fuente on Twitter [here](https://twitter.com/ToniBlyx), his DMs are open.
