docs/tutorials/prowler-app.md, before:

# Prowler App

The **Prowler App** is a user-friendly interface for the Prowler CLI, providing a visual dashboard to monitor your cloud security posture. This tutorial will guide you through setting up and using the Prowler App.

After [installing](../index.md#prowler-app-installation) the **Prowler App**, access it at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).
You can also access to the auto-generated **Prowler API** documentation at [http://localhost:8080/api/v1/docs](http://localhost:8080/api/v1/docs) to see all the available endpoints, parameters and responses.

???+ note
    If you are a [Prowler Cloud](https://cloud.prowler.com/sign-in) user you can see API docs at [https://api.prowler.com/api/v1/docs](https://api.prowler.com/api/v1/docs)

## **Step 1: Sign Up**
To get started, sign up using your email and password:

<img src="../../img/sign-up-button.png" alt="Sign Up Button" width="320"/>
<img src="../../img/sign-up.png" alt="Sign Up" width="285"/>

---

## **Step 2: Log In**
Once you’ve signed up, log in with your email and password to start using the Prowler App.

<img src="../../img/log-in.png" alt="Log In" width="350"/>

You will see the Overview page with no data yet, so let's start adding a provider to scan your cloud environment.

---

## **Step 3: Add a Provider**
To run your first scan, you need to add a cloud provider account. Prowler App supports AWS, Azure, GCP, and Kubernetes.

1. Navigate to `Settings > Cloud Providers`.
2. Click `Add Account` to set up a new provider and provide your credentials:

<img src="../../img/add-provider.png" alt="Add Provider" width="700"/>

---

## **Step 4: Configure the Provider**
Choose the provider you want to scan from the following options:

<img src="../../img/select-provider.png" alt="Select a Provider" width="700"/>

Once you’ve selected a provider, you need to provide the Provider UID:

- **AWS**: Enter your AWS Account ID.
- **GCP**: Enter your GCP Project ID.
- **Azure**: Enter your Azure Subscription ID.
- **Kubernetes**: Enter your Kubernetes Cluster context of your kubeconfig file.

Optionally, provide a **Provider Alias** for easier identification. Follow the instructions provided to add your credentials:

---
### **Step 4.1: AWS Credentials**
For AWS, enter your `AWS Account ID` and choose one of the following methods to connect:

#### **Step 4.1.1: IAM Access Keys**
1. Select `Connect via Credentials`.

    <img src="../../img/connect-aws-credentials.png" alt="AWS Credentials" width="350"/>

2. Enter your `Access Key ID`, `Secret Access Key` and optionally a `Session Token`:

    <img src="../../img/aws-credentials.png" alt="AWS Credentials" width="350"/>

#### **Step 4.1.2: IAM Role**
1. Select `Connect assuming IAM Role`.

    <img src="../../img/connect-aws-role.png" alt="AWS Role" width="350"/>

2. Enter the `Role ARN` and any optional field like the AWS Access Keys to assume the role, the `External ID`, the `Role Session Name` or the `Session Duration`:

    <img src="../../img/aws-role.png" alt="AWS Role" width="700"/>

---

### **Step 4.2: Azure Credentials**
For Azure, Prowler App uses a service principal application to authenticate, for more information about the process of creating and adding permissions to a service principal check this [section](../getting-started/requirements.md#azure). When you finish creating and adding the [Entra](./azure/create-prowler-service-principal.md#assigning-the-proper-permissions) and [Subscription](./azure/subscriptions.md#assign-the-appropriate-permissions-to-the-identity-that-is-going-to-be-assumed-by-prowler) scope permissions to the service principal, enter the `Tenant ID`, `Client ID` and `Client Secret` of the service principal application.

<img src="../../img/azure-credentials.png" alt="Azure Credentials" width="700"/>

---
### **Step 4.3: GCP Credentials**
To connect your GCP Project, you need to use the Application Default Credentials (ADC) returned by the `gcloud` CLI. Here’s how to set up:

1. Run the following command in your terminal to authenticate with GCP:
```bash
gcloud auth application-default login
```
2. Once authenticated, get the `Client ID`, `Client Secret` and `Refresh Token` from `~/.config/gcloud/application_default_credentials`.
3. Paste the `Client ID`, `Client Secret` and `Refresh Token` into the Prowler App.

<img src="../../img/gcp-credentials.png" alt="GCP Credentials" width="700"/>

---
### **Step 4.4: Kubernetes Credentials**
For Kubernetes, Prowler App uses a `kubeconfig` file to authenticate, paste the contents of your `kubeconfig` file into the `Kubeconfig content` field.

By default, the `kubeconfig` file is located at `~/.kube/config`.

<img src="../../img/kubernetes-credentials.png" alt="Kubernetes Credentials" width="700"/>

???+ note
    If you are adding an **Amazon EKS** cluster, follow these additional steps to ensure proper authentication:

    1. Apply the necessary Kubernetes resources to your EKS cluster (you can find the files in the [`kubernetes` directory of the Prowler repository](https://github.com/prowler-cloud/prowler/tree/master/kubernetes)):
    ```console
    kubectl apply -f kubernetes/prowler-sa.yaml
    kubectl apply -f kubernetes/prowler-role.yaml
    kubectl apply -f kubernetes/prowler-rolebinding.yaml
    ```

    2. Generate a long-lived token for authentication:
    ```console
    kubectl create token prowler-sa -n prowler-ns --duration=0
    ```
        - **Security Note:** The `--duration=0` option generates a non-expiring token, which may pose a security risk if not managed properly. Users should decide on an appropriate expiration time based on their security policies. If a limited-time token is preferred, set `--duration=<TIME>` (e.g., `--duration=24h`).
        - **Important:** If the token expires, Prowler Cloud will no longer be able to authenticate with the cluster. In this case, you will need to generate a new token and **remove and re-add the provider in Prowler Cloud** with the updated `kubeconfig`.

    3. Update your `kubeconfig` to use the ServiceAccount token:
    ```console
    kubectl config set-credentials prowler-sa --token=<SA_TOKEN>
    kubectl config set-context <CLUSTER_ARN> --user=prowler-sa
    ```
    Replace <SA_TOKEN> with the generated token and <CLUSTER_ARN> with your EKS cluster ARN.

    4. Now you can add the modified `kubeconfig` as the credentials of the AWS EKS Cluster in Prowler Cloud. Then simply test the connection.

---

## **Step 5: Test Connection**
After adding your credentials of your cloud account, click the `Launch` button to verify that the Prowler App can successfully connect to your provider:

<img src="../../img/test-connection-button.png" alt="Test Connection" width="700"/>


## **Step 6: Scan started**
After successfully adding and testing your credentials, Prowler will start scanning your cloud environment, click on the `Go to Scans` button to see the progress:

<img src="../../img/provider-added.png" alt="Start Now" width="700"/>

???+ note
    Prowler will automatically scan all configured providers every **24 hours**, ensuring your cloud environment stays continuously monitored.
---

## **Step 7: Monitor Scan Progress**
Track the progress of your scan in the `Scans` section:

<img src="../../img/scan-progress.png" alt="Scan Progress" width="700"/>

---

## **Step 8: Analyze the Findings**
While the scan is running, start exploring the findings in these sections:

- **Overview**: High-level summary of the scans. <img src="../../img/overview.png" alt="Overview" width="700"/>
- **Compliance**: Insights into compliance status. <img src="../../img/compliance.png" alt="Compliance" width="700"/>
- **Issues**: Types of issues detected.

<img src="../../img/issues.png" alt="Issues" width="300" style="text-align: center;"/>

- **Browse All Findings**: Detailed list of findings detected, where you can filter by severity, service, and more. <img src="../../img/findings.png" alt="Findings" width="700"/>

To view all `new` findings that have not been seen prior to this scan, click the `Delta` filter and select `new`. To view all `changed` findings that have had a status change (from `PASS` to `FAIL` for example), click the `Delta` filter and select `changed`.

Commit message:

chore(docs): external K8s cluster Prowler App credendentials

docs/tutorials/prowler-app.md, after:

# Prowler App

The **Prowler App** is a user-friendly interface for the Prowler CLI, providing a visual dashboard to monitor your cloud security posture. This tutorial will guide you through setting up and using the Prowler App.

After [installing](../index.md#prowler-app-installation) the **Prowler App**, access it at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).
You can also access to the auto-generated **Prowler API** documentation at [http://localhost:8080/api/v1/docs](http://localhost:8080/api/v1/docs) to see all the available endpoints, parameters and responses.

???+ note
    If you are a [Prowler Cloud](https://cloud.prowler.com/sign-in) user you can see API docs at [https://api.prowler.com/api/v1/docs](https://api.prowler.com/api/v1/docs)

## **Step 1: Sign Up**
To get started, sign up using your email and password:

<img src="../../img/sign-up-button.png" alt="Sign Up Button" width="320"/>
<img src="../../img/sign-up.png" alt="Sign Up" width="285"/>

---

## **Step 2: Log In**
Once you’ve signed up, log in with your email and password to start using the Prowler App.

<img src="../../img/log-in.png" alt="Log In" width="350"/>

You will see the Overview page with no data yet, so let's start adding a provider to scan your cloud environment.

---

## **Step 3: Add a Provider**
To run your first scan, you need to add a cloud provider account. Prowler App supports AWS, Azure, GCP, and Kubernetes.

1. Navigate to `Settings > Cloud Providers`.
2. Click `Add Account` to set up a new provider and provide your credentials:

<img src="../../img/add-provider.png" alt="Add Provider" width="700"/>

---

## **Step 4: Configure the Provider**
Choose the provider you want to scan from the following options:

<img src="../../img/select-provider.png" alt="Select a Provider" width="700"/>

Once you’ve selected a provider, you need to provide the Provider UID:

- **AWS**: Enter your AWS Account ID.
- **GCP**: Enter your GCP Project ID.
- **Azure**: Enter your Azure Subscription ID.
- **Kubernetes**: Enter your Kubernetes Cluster context of your kubeconfig file.

Optionally, provide a **Provider Alias** for easier identification. Follow the instructions provided to add your credentials:

---
### **Step 4.1: AWS Credentials**
For AWS, enter your `AWS Account ID` and choose one of the following methods to connect:

#### **Step 4.1.1: IAM Access Keys**
1. Select `Connect via Credentials`.

    <img src="../../img/connect-aws-credentials.png" alt="AWS Credentials" width="350"/>

2. Enter your `Access Key ID`, `Secret Access Key` and optionally a `Session Token`:

    <img src="../../img/aws-credentials.png" alt="AWS Credentials" width="350"/>

#### **Step 4.1.2: IAM Role**
1. Select `Connect assuming IAM Role`.

    <img src="../../img/connect-aws-role.png" alt="AWS Role" width="350"/>

2. Enter the `Role ARN` and any optional field like the AWS Access Keys to assume the role, the `External ID`, the `Role Session Name` or the `Session Duration`:

    <img src="../../img/aws-role.png" alt="AWS Role" width="700"/>

---

### **Step 4.2: Azure Credentials**
For Azure, Prowler App uses a service principal application to authenticate, for more information about the process of creating and adding permissions to a service principal check this [section](../getting-started/requirements.md#azure). When you finish creating and adding the [Entra](./azure/create-prowler-service-principal.md#assigning-the-proper-permissions) and [Subscription](./azure/subscriptions.md#assign-the-appropriate-permissions-to-the-identity-that-is-going-to-be-assumed-by-prowler) scope permissions to the service principal, enter the `Tenant ID`, `Client ID` and `Client Secret` of the service principal application.

<img src="../../img/azure-credentials.png" alt="Azure Credentials" width="700"/>

---
### **Step 4.3: GCP Credentials**
To connect your GCP Project, you need to use the Application Default Credentials (ADC) returned by the `gcloud` CLI. Here’s how to set up:

1. Run the following command in your terminal to authenticate with GCP:
```bash
gcloud auth application-default login
```
2. Once authenticated, get the `Client ID`, `Client Secret` and `Refresh Token` from `~/.config/gcloud/application_default_credentials`.
3. Paste the `Client ID`, `Client Secret` and `Refresh Token` into the Prowler App.

<img src="../../img/gcp-credentials.png" alt="GCP Credentials" width="700"/>

---
### **Step 4.4: Kubernetes Credentials**
For Kubernetes, Prowler App uses a `kubeconfig` file to authenticate, paste the contents of your `kubeconfig` file into the `Kubeconfig content` field.

By default, the `kubeconfig` file is located at `~/.kube/config`.

<img src="../../img/kubernetes-credentials.png" alt="Kubernetes Credentials" width="700"/>

???+ note
    If you are adding an **EKS**, **GKE**, **AKS** or external cluster, follow these additional steps to ensure proper authentication:

    ** Make sure your cluster allow traffic from the Prowler Cloud IP address `52.48.254.174/32` **

    1. Apply the necessary Kubernetes resources to your EKS, GKE, AKS or external cluster (you can find the files in the [`kubernetes` directory of the Prowler repository](https://github.com/prowler-cloud/prowler/tree/master/kubernetes)):
    ```console
    kubectl apply -f kubernetes/prowler-sa.yaml
    kubectl apply -f kubernetes/prowler-role.yaml
    kubectl apply -f kubernetes/prowler-rolebinding.yaml
    ```

    2. Generate a long-lived token for authentication:
    ```console
    kubectl create token prowler-sa -n prowler-ns --duration=0
    ```
        - **Security Note:** The `--duration=0` option generates a non-expiring token, which may pose a security risk if not managed properly. Users should decide on an appropriate expiration time based on their security policies. If a limited-time token is preferred, set `--duration=<TIME>` (e.g., `--duration=24h`).
        - **Important:** If the token expires, Prowler Cloud will no longer be able to authenticate with the cluster. In this case, you will need to generate a new token and **remove and re-add the provider in Prowler Cloud** with the updated `kubeconfig`.

    3. Update your `kubeconfig` to use the ServiceAccount token:
    ```console
    kubectl config set-credentials prowler-sa --token=<SA_TOKEN>
    kubectl config set-context <CONTEXT_NAME> --user=prowler-sa
    ```
    Replace <SA_TOKEN> with the generated token and <CONTEXT_NAME> with your KubeConfig Context Name of your EKS, GKE or AKS cluster.

    4. Now you can add the modified `kubeconfig` in Prowler Cloud. Then simply test the connection.

---

## **Step 5: Test Connection**
After adding your credentials of your cloud account, click the `Launch` button to verify that the Prowler App can successfully connect to your provider:

<img src="../../img/test-connection-button.png" alt="Test Connection" width="700"/>


## **Step 6: Scan started**
After successfully adding and testing your credentials, Prowler will start scanning your cloud environment, click on the `Go to Scans` button to see the progress:

<img src="../../img/provider-added.png" alt="Start Now" width="700"/>

???+ note
    Prowler will automatically scan all configured providers every **24 hours**, ensuring your cloud environment stays continuously monitored.
---

## **Step 7: Monitor Scan Progress**
Track the progress of your scan in the `Scans` section:

<img src="../../img/scan-progress.png" alt="Scan Progress" width="700"/>

---

## **Step 8: Analyze the Findings**
While the scan is running, start exploring the findings in these sections:

- **Overview**: High-level summary of the scans. <img src="../../img/overview.png" alt="Overview" width="700"/>
- **Compliance**: Insights into compliance status. <img src="../../img/compliance.png" alt="Compliance" width="700"/>
- **Issues**: Types of issues detected.

<img src="../../img/issues.png" alt="Issues" width="300" style="text-align: center;"/>

- **Browse All Findings**: Detailed list of findings detected, where you can filter by severity, service, and more. <img src="../../img/findings.png" alt="Findings" width="700"/>

To view all `new` findings that have not been seen prior to this scan, click the `Delta` filter and select `new`. To view all `changed` findings that have had a status change (from `PASS` to `FAIL` for example), click the `Delta` filter and select `changed`.
