docs/tutorials/aws/cloudshell.md, before:

# AWS CloudShell

Prowler can be easily executed in AWS CloudShell but it has some prerequisites to be able to to so. AWS CloudShell is a container running with `Amazon Linux release 2 (Karoo)` that comes with Python 3.7, since Prowler requires Python >= 3.9 we need to first install a newer version of Python. Follow the steps below to successfully execute Prowler v3 in AWS CloudShell:

- First install all dependences and then Python, in this case we need to compile it because there is not a package available at the time this document is written:
```
sudo yum -y install gcc openssl-devel bzip2-devel libffi-devel
wget https://www.python.org/ftp/python/3.9.16/Python-3.9.16.tgz
tar zxf Python-3.9.16.tgz
cd Python-3.9.16/
./configure --enable-optimizations
sudo make altinstall
python3.9 --version
cd
```
- Once Python 3.9 is available we can install Prowler from pip:
```
pip3.9 install prowler
```
- Now enjoy Prowler:
```
prowler -v
prowler
```

- To download the results from AWS CloudShell, select Actions -> Download File and add the full path of each file. For the CSV file it will be something like `/home/cloudshell-user/output/prowler-output-123456789012-20221220191331.csv`

## Clone the Prowler Github Repository in CloudShell

The limited storage that AWS CloudShell provides for the user's home directory causes issues when installing the poetry dependencies to run Prowler from GitHub. Here is a workaround:
```shell
git clone https://github.com/prowler-cloud/prowler.git
cd prowler
pip install poetry
mkdir /tmp/pypoetry
poetry config cache-dir /tmp/pypoetry
poetry shell
poetry install
python prowler.py -v
```

Commit message:

docs(cloudshell): Update AWS CloudShell installation steps (#3192)
Co-authored-by: Pepe Fagoaga <pepe@verica.io>

docs/tutorials/aws/cloudshell.md, after:

# AWS CloudShell

## Installation
After the migration of AWS CloudShell from Amazon Linux 2 to Amazon Linux 2023 [[1]](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2023/12/aws-cloudshell-migrated-al2023/) [[2]](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cloudshell/latest/userguide/cloudshell-AL2023-migration.html), there is no longer a need to manually compile Python 3.9 as it's already included in AL2023. Prowler can thus be easily installed following the Generic method of installation via pip. Follow the steps below to successfully execute Prowler v3 in AWS CloudShell:
```shell
pip install prowler
prowler -v
```

## Download Files

To download the results from AWS CloudShell, select Actions -> Download File and add the full path of each file. For the CSV file it will be something like `/home/cloudshell-user/output/prowler-output-123456789012-20221220191331.csv`

## Clone Prowler from Github

The limited storage that AWS CloudShell provides for the user's home directory causes issues when installing the poetry dependencies to run Prowler from GitHub. Here is a workaround:
```shell
git clone https://github.com/prowler-cloud/prowler.git
cd prowler
pip install poetry
mkdir /tmp/pypoetry
poetry config cache-dir /tmp/pypoetry
poetry shell
poetry install
python prowler.py -v
```
